Docs for CORS (#230)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: content/docs/security/cors.md

            allowHeaders:
              - Origin               
            allowMethods:
              - GET
              - POST
              - OPTIONS               
            allowOrigins:
              - "https://example.com/"
            exposeHeaders:
            - Origin
            - X-HTTPRoute-Header
            maxAge: 86400
      backendRefs:
        - name: httpbin
          port: 8000
EOF
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab %}}
1. Create a TrafficPolicy resource for the httpbin app that applies a CORS filter. The following example allows requests from the `https://example.com/` origin.

   ```yaml
   kubectl apply -f- <<EOF
   apiVersion: gateway.kgateway.dev/v1alpha1
   kind: TrafficPolicy
   metadata:
     name: httpbin-cors
     namespace: httpbin
   spec:
     cors:
       allowCredentials: true
       allowHeaders:
         - "Origin"
         - "Authorization"
         - "Content-Type"             
       allowMethods:
         - "GET"
         - "POST"
         - "OPTIONS"               
       allowOrigins:
         - "https://example.com/"
       exposeHeaders:
       - "Origin"
       - "X-TrafficPolicy-Header"
       maxAge: 86400
   EOF
   ```

> 2. Attach the TrafficPolicy to a route or Gateway. The following example create an HTTPRoute for the httpbin app that has the TrafficPolicy attached. For more information about attachment and merging rules, see the [TrafficPolicy concept docs](/docs/about/policies/trafficpolicy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Attach the TrafficPolicy to a route or Gateway. The following example creates an HTTPRoute for the httpbin app that has the TrafficPolicy attached via the `extensionRef` filter. For more information about attachment and merging rules, see the [TrafficPolicy concept docs](/docs/about/policies/trafficpolicy/).
```

   < server: envoy
   ```
   {{% /tab %}}
   {{% tab  %}}
   ```console {hl_lines=[7,8,9]}
   * Mark bundle as not supporting multiuse
   < HTTP/1.1 200 OK
   < content-type: text/xml
   < date: Mon, 03 Jun 2024 17:05:31 GMT
   < content-length: 86
   < x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 7
   < access-control-allow-origin: https://example.com/
   < access-control-allow-credentials: true
   < access-control-expose-headers: Origin, X-TrafficPolicy-Header
   < server: envoy
   < 
   ```
   {{% /tab %}}
   {{< /tabs >}}

   ```json
   {
     "headers": {
       "Accept": [
         "*/*"
       ],
       "Access-Control-Request-Method": [
         "GET"
       ],
       "Host": [
         "cors.example:8080"
       ],
       "Origin": [
         "https://example.com"
       ],
       "User-Agent": [
         "curl/8.7.1"
       ],
       "X-Envoy-Expected-Rq-Timeout-Ms": [
         "15000"
       ],
       "X-Envoy-External-Address": [
         "127.0.0.1"
       ],
       "X-Forwarded-For": [
         "10.xxx.xx.x"
       ],
       "X-Forwarded-Proto": [
         "http"
       ],
       "X-Request-Id": [
         "bce0d16b-e1fa-427d-a246-79acd36b4f3e"
       ]
     }

>    }

Reviewer: or if you don't want to remove it, maybe just include the output in the tabs

>    }

Author: I'll remove!

* A JavaScript on a web page at `example.com` tries to access a different port, such as `example.com:3001`.
* A JavaScript on a web page at `https://example.com` tries to access the resources by using a different protocol, such as `http://example.com`.

### Configuration options {#options}

You can configure the CORS policy at two levels:

> * HTTPRoute: For the native way in Kubernetes Gateway API, configure a CORS policy in the HTTPRoute. The policy is applied to all the routes that are defined in the HTTPRoute.This route-level policy takes precedence over any TrafficPolicy CORS that you might configure. For more information, see the [Kubernetes Gateway API docs](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/spec/#httpcorsfilter) and [CORS design docs](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/geps/gep-1767/).

Reviewer 2: Just a minor correction that the `HTTPRouteFilter` (which has the `HTTPCORSFilter`) can also [appear in BackendRef](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/spec/#httproutefilter).
It basically means that if you have multiple backendrefs you can assign CORS to only selection of them. Most of the cases there is only one but worth mentioning the flexibility.
This is also something that can't be configured in `TrafficPolicy` but can in `HTTPRoute` so they kind of complete each other to cover all levels.

* TrafficPolicy: For more flexibility to reuse the CORS policy across HTTPRoutes, specific routes and Gateways, configure a CORS policy in the TrafficPolicy. For more information about attachment and merging rules, see the [TrafficPolicy concept docs](/docs/about/policies/trafficpolicy/).

## Before you begin

{{< reuse "docs/snippets/prereq.md" >}}

{{% callout type="info" %}} 

> Some apps, such as `httpbin`, have built-in CORS policies that allow all origins. These policies take precedence over CORS policies that you might configure in kgateway. 

Reviewer 2: Is it true? The gateway will apply CORS policies before they reach the service.

Author: ok I just tried this and httpbin worked, so I will update the docs accordingly

## Set up CORS policies

Create a CORS policy for the Petstore app in an HTTPRoute or TrafficPolicy.

{{< tabs items="CORS in HTTPRoute,CORS in TrafficPolicy" >}}
{{% tab %}}

> Create an HTTPRoute resource for the Petstore app that applies a CORS filter. The following example allows requests from the `example.com/` and `*.example.com` origins.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure the `*.example.com` is a good example that will work with real hostnames (e.g. b.example.com).
We currently only do exact matches. I.e not wildcards prefix, suffix or regex although Envoy supports it.

Author: You are right, the wildcard is not working, thanks for the catch!

Author: @ymesika do you know if we intend to address this limitation in a future release?

   < x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 7
   < access-control-allow-origin: https://example.com/
   < access-control-allow-credentials: true
   < access-control-expose-headers: Origin, X-HTTPRoute-Header
   < server: envoy
   < 
   [{"id":1,"name":"Dog","status":"available"},{"id":2,"name":"Cat","status":"pending"}]
   ```
   {{% /tab %}}
   {{% tab  %}}
   ```console {hl_lines=[7,8,9]}
   * Mark bundle as not supporting multiuse
   < HTTP/1.1 200 OK
   < content-type: text/xml
   < date: Mon, 03 Jun 2024 17:05:31 GMT
   < content-length: 86
   < x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 7
   < access-control-allow-origin: https://example.com/
   < access-control-allow-credentials: true
   < access-control-expose-headers: Origin, X-TrafficPolicy-Header
   < server: envoy
   < 
   [{"id":1,"name":"Dog","status":"available"},{"id":2,"name":"Cat","status":"pending"}]
   ```
   {{% /tab %}}
   {{< /tabs >}}

> 2. Send another request to the Petstore app. This time, you use `notallowed.com` as your origin. Although the request succeeds, you do not get back any CORS headers, because `notallowed.com` is not configured as a supported origin.  

Reviewer 2: I think that if you'll try `b.example.com` here you will get the same response like the notallowed although you added `*.example.com` to the allow origins. As I mentioned previously.
